  --------------------------------------------------------------------
  **END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR BESHU LTD SOFTWARE**
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
  **SOFTWARE PRODUCTS**: "ReadonlyREST PRO, and ReadonlyREST Enterprise plugins for Kibana"
  **RENEWAL POLICY**: YEARLY
  **PRODUCT WEBSITE**: https://readonlyrest.com

  --------------------------------------------------------------------

This end-user license agreement ("agreement") effective on PURCHASE DATE
between:

**the licensor**: Beshu Limited (Company number: 10883484) (hereinafter
- \"THE LICENSOR\")

**the licensee (individual or entity)**: LICENSEE (hereinafter - \"THE
LICENSEE\")

(collectively "THE PARTIES").

WHEREAS, the Licensor is the exclusive licensee, and has rights in and
to, certain proprietary Software, Know How, and Copyrights to
ReadonlyREST plugin for Elasticsearch and is further the owner of THE
SOFTWARE PRODUCT WHEREAS, the Licensee wishes to acquire a license from
Licensor for THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT.\
\
WHEREAS, the Licensor is willing to grant Licensee the License and the
Licensee desires to obtain such license, on the terms and conditions set
forth herein.\
\
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained
herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as
follows:

**1. DEFINITIONS**

1.1. The Following Definitions shall have the following meanings within
the Agreement: \"Confidential Information\" means any information
disclosed by or on behalf of the of one party to another at any time
before the termination of this Agreement (whether disclosed in writing,
orally or otherwise) that at the time of disclosure was marked or
described as \"confidential\" or should have been understood by the
party receiving such Information (acting reasonably) to be confidential.
"Commercial Purposes" means the conducting of business for a direct or
indirect consideration intended for profit. "Derivatives" means any
modification to THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT made by the Licensee pursuant to
this agreement and any modified, altered, enhanced or adapted version of
THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, or derivative work thereof (as that term is
defined under US copyright law) based on THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT.
\"Intellectual Property Rights" means all intellectual property rights
wherever in the world, whether registrable or unregistrable, registered
or unregistered, including any application or right of application for
such rights (and these \"intellectual property rights\" include
copyright and related rights, database rights, confidential information,
trade secrets, know-how, business names, trade names, trademarks,
service marks, passing off rights, unfair competition rights, patents,
petty patents, utility models, semi-conductor topography rights and
rights in designs). "License" means the grant of license to the Licensee
for the use of THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT "Material Adverse Effect" means,
with respect to any Party any event, circumstance, development, state of
facts, occurrence, change or effect that is materially adverse to the
business, assets, results of operations or condition (financial or
otherwise) of such Party taken as a whole. "THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT" means
the proprietary THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT plugin with features as defined in
the PRODUCT WEBSITE. "Software" means the computer software program(s)
in machine-readable form, including as applicable, all of its source
code, input/output formats, headers, program listings, associated data
and internal databases, graphical elements, narrative descriptions and
operating instructions, and all related tangible media. "Subscription
Term" means the term the License is granted.

**2. LICENSE GRANT**

2.1. The Licensor hereby grants to the Licensee, subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, a non-exclusive, worldwide,
non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT
or certain components of it, subject to all Terms and Conditions in this
Agreement. The Licensor hereby grants the Licence to strictly install
THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT on its computers.

2.2. The features of THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT licensed under this Agreement
are listed at the PRODUCT WEBSITE and may be updated from time to time.

2.3. The Licensee may install THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT on an unlimited
basis, provided that the Licensee complies with all terms and conditions
of this Agreement.

2.4. The License is granted upon and shall be used as of the date the
Licensor will make THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT available for the Licensee to
download. All procedures and transactions necessary for the grant of the
License shall be considered to have taken place when the Licensee
provides payment for the license.

2.5. The Licensee shall not:

2.5.1. Use THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT for purposes other than those provided
in clause 2.1;

2.5.2. embed THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT into the Licensee\'s own proprietary
software to further redistribute the software to the Licensee's
customers without being granted a right to sublicense by the Licensor;

2.5.3. Modify THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT for any purpose whatsoever that may
bring the Licensor into disrepute or affect any of the Licensor's
business;

2.5.4. redistribute THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT or any derivatives thereof,
except as permitted by this Agreement;

2.5.5. Provide access to the License to any third-party or sublicense
THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT to any third party for any purpose other than those
stated in clause 2.1;

2.5.6. extract, separate, remove or otherwise copy THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT
for any other purpose other than the use of THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT on the
Licensee's proprietary software;

2.5.7. disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer or otherwise convert any
part of THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT to source code or a human perceivable form;

2.5.8. adapt, modify or create a derivative work other than the purposes
that THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT is provided;

2.5.9. distribute, encumber, lease, rent, sell, transmit, transfer, or
otherwise dispose of the THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, in whole or in part for
purposes other than those stated in clause 2.1.

2.5.10. Use THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT for any purpose other than those stated
in clause 2.1;

2.5.11. Take any action to jeopardize, limit or interfere in any manner
with the Licensor's ownership of THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT; and

2.5.12. delete, remove or otherwise alter any copyright, trademark,
confidentiality or other proprietary notice appearing in THE SOFTWARE
PRODUCT.

**3. TERM AND TERMINATION**

3.1. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the License
shall remain in effect for a period of 12 months.

3.2. RENEWAL POLICY;

3.2.1 If the "RENEWAL POLICY" is above defined as "AUTOMATIC", the
subscription term will be specified at The Licensor website:
[[https://readonlyrest.com/index.html]{.underline}](https://readonlyrest.com/index.html)
and will be silently renewed each year in case The Licensee decides not
to terminate it.

3.2.2 If the "RENEWAL POLICY" is above specified as "UPON REQUEST",
should the Licensee be interested in renewing the Agreement for another
year, they will need to contact the Licensor by written notice or by
means of electronic mail at least 30 (thirty) days before the ongoing
license agreement expiration date. Should the Licensee fail to request
the agreement renewal, in time and by the terms described, the Licensee
will be in breach of the present Agreement, unless they demonstrate they
uninstalled THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT from all their computers, and destroyed
any copy of THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT in their possession.

3.3. Either Party may terminate this Agreement on good faith by giving
to the other party thirty (30) days prior written notice.

3.4. In the event a Party is in breach of this Agreement (subject to the
following cure periods), the non-breaching Party may terminate this
Agreement. Any termination of this Agreement shall only be effective if,
after receiving written notice from the non-breaching Party of the
breach, the Party in breach shall fail to cure such breach within thirty
(30) days after receiving such notice provided, however that if the
breach cannot be cured within thirty (30) days, the breaching Party
shall not be in default if, within such thirty (30) day period, it shall
have commenced to cure said breach and shall continue its efforts with
due diligence. In no event shall the non-breaching Party by exercising
its right under this section be precluded by the exercise of such
termination right from pursuing, subject to the terms of this Agreement
and applicable law, any cause of action or other claim it may then or at
any time thereafter have in respect of any breach or default by the
Party that breached this Agreement.

3.5. Without prejudice to clause 3.3, the Licensor may revoke the
License and Terminate the agreement immediately if at any point the
Licensee:

3.5.1. Breach any of the Licensee's obligations with regards to
Confidentiality and Intellectual Property;

3.5.2. Use the License for any purpose other than the purposes the
License is provided under this Agreement;

3.5.3. commits any gross misconduct affecting the Business of the
Licensor through using the License in any way that it may bring the
Licensor into disrepute or cause the Licensor to incur losses and/or
expenses;

3.5.4. commits any serious or repeated breach or non-observance of any
of the provisions of this agreement or refuses or neglects to comply
with any reasonable and lawful directions of the Licensor with regards
to the grant of the License;

3.5.5. If a natural person, is convicted of any criminal offence (other
than an offence under any road traffic legislation in the United Kingdom
or elsewhere for which a fine or non-custodial penalty is imposed); or

3.5.6. is declared insolvent or makes any arrangement with or for the
benefit of its creditors.

3.6. On Termination with or without notice the Licensee shall:

3.6.1. Provide all payments due to the Licensor;

3.6.2. Cease using THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

3.6.3. Discontinue using THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT for any Derivatives or
using it as part of the Licensee's software.

3.7. The terms set forth in this section and the sections entitled
License Grant, Ownership, Confidentiality, Warranties and Limitation of
liability shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

**4. OWNERSHIP**

4.1. The Licensee understands that the Licensor is the owner of all
proprietary and intellectual property rights in THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT and
a Licensee to all proprietary and intellectual property rights in
ReadonlyREST plugin for Elasticsearch. The License is provided solely
for the purposes contained in this Agreement.

4.2. The Licensee understands that the License does not confer any
rights of ownership of any Intellectual Property rights contained in THE
SOFTWARE PRODUCT. Furthermore, the Licensee understands that the License
does not confer any rights of ownership of any Intellectual Property
rights contained in ReadonlyREST plugin for Elasticsearch. For this
reason, the Licensee does not retain the copyright to, the right to
modify, amend, rent, sell, assign, lease, sublicense, or otherwise alter
or transfer the Intellectual Property Rights contained in THE SOFTWARE
PRODUCT and ReadonlyREST plugin for Elasticsearch, save as provided and
permitted within the Terms and Conditions of this Agreement. All such
rights are reserved by the Licensor.

4.3. The Licensor reserves the sole and exclusive right at its
discretion to assert claims against third parties for infringement or
misappropriation of its intellectual property rights in THE SOFTWARE
PRODUCT.

**5. CHARGES**

5.1. The amount payable for the license under this Agreement shall
reflect the license provided for a period of one year and is specified
at The Licensor's website:
[[https://readonlyrest.com/index.html]{.underline}](https://readonlyrest.com/index.html)
at the time of the Licensee's subscription.

5.2. When upgrades or updates are available for THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT,
the Licensee is entitled to upgrades of the Software at no additional
charge.

5.3. There is a 30 (thirty) days trial period after the subscription
terms begins free of any charges. After the trial period expires, the
Licensee may change either of the following payment methods:

5.3.1. The Licensor may cause the Licensee's payment card to be charged
the amount specified above in the Licensor's website. All processes
under this option shall be processed by Stripe Ltd, which will operate
and process the said payments based on its own Terms and Conditions. The
Licensor does not gather and store any details and credentials of the
Licensee's payment method;

5.3.2. The Licensor shall submit an invoice to the Licensee which shall
be paid via wire bank transfer at the due date the invoice contains
therein.

**6. SUPPORT**

6.1. This Licensee is entitled to priority support for twelve (12)
months following the commencement of a fully paid subscription term for
the License, provided that The Licensee complies with all the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.

6.2. The priority support shall cover 2 (two) incidents per quarter,
with a max response time of 2 working days.

6.3. The scope of priority support is limited to THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT.
Subsequent incidents exceeding the limit of 2 per quarter will be
treated as "community" issues, which are with lower priority and with no
guarantees on response time.

**7. WARRANTIES**

7.1. EXCEPT FOR ANY EXPRESS LIMITED WARRANTY OFFERED BY THE LICENSOR AND
ALL OTHER WARRANTIES PROVIDED HEREIN, THE LICENSE IS PROVIDED "AS IS".
THE LICENSOR MAKES NO FURTHER WARRANTIES TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY WITH
RESPECT TO THE LICENSE AND DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7.2. The Licensor represents and warrants that the Licensor:

7.2.1. is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the United Kingdom and has the requisite corporate power and
authority to carry on its business as it is now being conducted.

7.2.2. has the authority to enter into this Agreement and license with
The Licensee on the terms set forth in this Agreement; and

7.2.3. has not knowingly, intentionally or negligently included any
viruses, malware, worms, time bombs, Trojan Horses, software locks,
backdoors, trapdoors, contaminants, and other harmful or malicious code
when granting the License.

7.3. The Licensee represents and warrants that the Licensee:

7.3.1. has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and to perform each of its respective obligations
under this Agreement (and under all documents required to be executed
and delivered and actions to be performed by Licensee pursuant hereto).
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
agreement contemplated hereby, and the transaction contemplated hereby
and thereby has been duly and validly authorized by corporate action on
the part of Licensee.

7.3.2. Acknowledges that this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding
agreement of Licensee enforceable against it in accordance with its
terms and all applicable law;

7.3.3. Acknowledges that neither the execution and delivery of this
Agreement nor the consummation of the transaction and performance of the
terms and conditions contemplated hereby by Licensee will conflict with
any law or obligations of the Licensee.

**8. CONFIDENTIALITY**

8.1. The Licensee acknowledges that The Licensee may obtain information
relating to the Software or the Licensor that has not been released to
the public, including, but not limited to, code, technology, know-how,
ideas, algorithms, testing procedures, structure, interfaces,
specifications, documentation, bugs, problem reports, analysis and
performance information, and other technical, business, product, and
data. All such information shall be considered confidential information.

8.2. The Licensee shall in no way disclose Confidential Information to
any third party not working on the Licensee's behalf for the purposes
the License is granted under this Agreement or use Confidential
Information for any purpose other than the use of THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT
as licensed under this Agreement.

**9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

9.1. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT FOR
LIABILITY ARISING FROM A BREACH OF ANY WARRANTY CONTAINED HEREIN, IN NO
EVENT WILL THE LICENSOR, INCLUDING ITS PARENT COMPANY, AFFILIATES,
EQUITY HOLDERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, OR ITS
SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO THE LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD-PARTY FOR ANY
INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, REMOTE, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING AND WITHOUT LIMITATION, COSTS
SUBSTITUTE OR REPLACEMENT PRODUCTS, LOSS OF INFORMATION, DATA OR
CONTENT, LOSS OF REVENUE OR PROFITS OR ATTORNEY'S FEES, ARISING FROM OR
CAUSED BY, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, THE SALE OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO
USE THE SOFTWARE, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, EVEN IF THE
LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. TO THE
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING FROM A
BREACH OF THE WARRANTIES IN THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT WILL THE
LICENSOR'S TOTAL AND AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT OR ARISING FROM THE SOFTWARE, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF
ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, AT LAW
OR IN EQUITY, EXCEED THE SUBSCRIPTION PRICE OF THE SOFTWARE SPECIFIED AT
[[https://readonlyrest.com/index.html]{.underline}](https://readonlyrest.com/index.html)
AT THE MOMENT OF SUBSCRIPTION.

**10. GOVERNING LAW**

10.1. The Parties agree to make every effort to resolve disputes
relating to this Agreement, through negotiations. If the Parties fail to
negotiate settlement of any such dispute, it shall be submitted to and
finally settled by London Court of International Arbitration in
accordance with its Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be carried
out by the sole arbitrator in English. Place of arbitration shall be
London. The governing law of this Agreement shall be the English law.

10.2. The decision of the arbitration mentioned above should be
obligatory for fulfilment for the both Parties of this Agreement.

**11. ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

11.1. This Agreement is the complete and final agreement between The
Licensee and The Licensor with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement. This is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual
understanding of the Parties with respect to the license granted herein
and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements and
communications relating to such license and any waivers or amendments
shall be effective only if executed in writing by The Licensor; however,
any pre-printed or standard terms of any purchase order, confirmation,
or similar form, unless signed by The Licensor after the effectiveness
hereof, shall have no force or effect. To the extent that any terms of
any The Licensor policies or programs for support services conflict with
the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control.

**12. SEVERABILITY**

12.1. If any court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction finds or
holds any provision of this Agreement to be void, invalid, illegal or
otherwise unenforceable the remaining provisions of this Agreement will
remain in full force and effect.

**13. NOTICES**

13.1. Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be in
writing and delivered to the other designated party by electronic mail
strictly using the email addresses reflected below in this Agreement.

13.2. Either party may change its e-address to which notice is to be
sent by written notice or by means of electronic mail as set above under
any provision of this paragraph.

**14. ASSIGNABILITY**

14.1. The Licensee shall not assign this Agreement or the rights,
obligations thereunder to any third party without the prior express
written approval of the Licensor.

**15. VARIATION**

15.1. No variation of this agreement shall be valid unless it is in
writing and signed by or on behalf of each of the parties.

**16. THIRD PARTY RIGHTS**

16.1. A person who is not a party to this agreement shall not have any
rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce
any term of this agreement.

16.2. The rights of the parties to terminate, rescind or agree any
variation, waiver or settlement under this agreement are not subject to
the consent of any person that is not a party to this agreement.

========================================================================
